---
layout: post
title:  "Spotify Plus Chrome Extension: Backup Playlist JSON File"
author: Anant
categories: [ chrome, extension, spotify, plus, json, backup, automation ]
image: assets/images/5.jpg
---

### Introduction:
Enhance Your Spotify Experience with Spotify Plus
As an avid music lover, you're likely familiar with Spotify, the popular music streaming platform that provides access to an extensive library of songs and podcasts. While Spotify offers a seamless listening experience, there might be instances where you need to extend its functionality to suit your specific needs. This is where Spotify Plus, a powerful Chrome extension, comes into play.
Spotify Plus empowers you to download the JSON file of any Spotify playlist, unlocking a world of possibilities. This JSON file contains detailed information about the playlist song, including each song's (**Name, Artist Name, Album Name, Time, UR, Is Liked, Is Explicit Content**). With this data at your fingertips, you can leverage Appium scripts to seamlessly integrate Spotify playlists into other apps.
Expanding Spotify's Reach with Appium Scripts (Under Development)
Appium scripts, a powerful tool for automating mobile app interactions, can be utilized alongside Spotify Plus to seamlessly transfer playlists between Spotify and other music apps. By leveraging the JSON file generated by Spotify Plus, Appium scripts can extract song information and add it to the desired app, effectively expanding Spotify's reach beyond its native platform.
Currently, the Appium script functionality is under development, but its potential is undeniable. Once fully developed, users will be able to effortlessly transfer playlists between Spotify and other apps, creating a unified music experience.

### Youtube 
<iframe width="100%" height="500" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3DNpoMHPrlw" title="Spotify Plus Chrome Extension" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Benefits of Spotify Plus

**Download playlist JSON files:** Capture the detailed information of any Spotify playlist for further manipulation.
**Unlock Appium script integration:** Utilize Appium scripts to seamlessly transfer playlists between Spotify and other apps.
**Expand Spotify's reach:** Enhance your music experience by integrating Spotify playlists into various apps.

### Stay Tuned for Appium Script Updates:

As the Appium script functionality continues to evolve, Spotify Plus will become an even more versatile tool for music enthusiasts. Stay tuned for exciting updates and unlock a world of possibilities with Spotify Plus.
Try Spotify Plus today to witness how it can easily transfer your playlist from spotify to other platform. For any questions or queries, feel free to reach out to us at sales@codeeshop.com. Thank you for watching!

If you have any questions, please feel free to leave a comment below.

**Note:** We will work on the platform with the most votes. Please let us know your preferred platform and we will prioritize the development accordingly.

<a href="https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/gmlachfnoaahojpjdonglbjbammnlomo" class="btn btn-dark text-white px-5 btn-lg">Chrome Store Link</a>
